fix: update internal certificate documents (#141)
neuvector/docs: docs/02.deploying/01.production/04.internal/04.internal.md

slug: /deploying/production/internal
---

> :::note
> For versions prior to 5.4.2, after Mar. 2025, internal certificate has to be generated/replaced before using NeuVector.
> For versions of 5.4.2 and later, internal certificate has to be generated/replaced before using NeuVector.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::important
After March 2025, NeuVector versions prior to 5.4.2 and later must generate/replace internal certificates before using NeuVector.
:::
```

Author: I'm not a native English speaker, just to confirm that it's okay to say `NeuVector must generate/replace`?  Because it's going to be an action that should be performed by users.

Reviewer 2: If I'm understanding the original text correctly, the suggested change seems to be changing the meaning of the original text.

The original text is saying there are 2 conditions where you'd need to do something with the internal cert:
- < 5.4.2 AND date >= March 2025
- \>= 5.4.2 (i.e. you'd still need to action the cert Dec 2024)

The suggestion is saying the date has significance to >= 5.4.2.

Also `prior to 5.4.2 and later` is a bit ambiguous:
- prior to (5.4.2 and later): same as `prior to 5.4.2`?
- (prior to 5.4.2) and later: same as all versions?

Reviewer: I've edited the suggestion a bit to the following: "After March 2025, NeuVector versions prior to 5.4.2 and later must have users generate/replace internal certificates before using NeuVector." I think this conveys the meaning better that users will have to perform a `generate/replace` action. Please let me know if there are any more questions, and thank you for clarifying!

Reviewer: @btat @holyspectral Apologies on my confusion, I've edited my suggestion to the following:

:::important
NeuVector versions prior to 5.4.2 after March 2025 must have users generate/replace internal certificates before using NeuVector.
NeuVector versions 5.4.2 and later must have users generate/replace internal certificates before using NeuVector.
:::

Does this convey the meaning with regard to versioning and time accurately?

Reviewer 2: @sunilarjun I'll defer to @holyspectral on whether my previous comments about the original text sounds right.

For the first one, I would vote for the `After March 2025, ...` format you had in https://github.com/neuvector/docs/pull/141#discussion_r1893063608 originally as the current ` prior to 5.4.2 after March 2025` part doesn't flow as well. 

Small nit: might be better to order from recent -> past in general, but especially in this case since it's targeted for 5.4.2 which the second note applies to.

Reviewer: Gotcha! Went and edited the text to the below, please let me know if this needs any adjustment/clarification:

:::important
NeuVector versions 5.4.2 and later must have users generate/replace internal certificates before using NeuVector.
After March 2025, NeuVector versions prior to 5.4.2 must have users generate/replace internal certificates before using NeuVector.
:::

Author: I think it looks amazing.  Thanks @btat @sunilarjun !

```

+ Make sure the console can be accessed and controllers are all online.
</TabItem>

> <TabItem value="regenarate_cert_from_builtin" label="Regenarate certificate when built-in certificate is being used">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<TabItem value="regenerate_cert_from_builtin" label="Regenerate Certificate When Built-in Certificate Is Being Used">
```

> If you didn't replace internal certificate before and want to migrate to a new set of certificate, follow the steps below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you didn't replace the internal certificate before and want to migrate to a new set of certificates, follow the steps below:
```

> + Check if you already have internal certificate generated automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Check if you already have the internal certificate generated automatically.
```

```bash
kubectl get secret internal-cert -o yaml
```

> If you see `tls.key`, `tls.crt` and `ca.crt` there, that means you've been using automatically generated certificate and you can skip this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you see `tls.key`, `tls.crt` and `ca.crt` there, that means you've been using the automatically generated certificate and you can skip this section.
```

> If you can see the secret, but cannot find these secrets, consider enabling `internal.autoRotateCert` in helm charts override. This option will generate and rotate your internal certificate automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you can see the secret, but cannot find these secrets, consider enabling `internal.autoRotateCert` in the helm charts override. This option will generate and rotate your internal certificate automatically.
```

> If you don't use automatically generated internal certificate and can't do so, follow the steps below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't use the automatically generated internal certificate and can't do so, follow the steps below:
```

> + Follow the steps in `New certificate` tab to use kubernetes secret to manage internal certificate.  Instead of generating a new certificate, use the certificate, `old-ca.crt`, `old-tls.crt` and `old-tls.key`, retrieved below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Follow the steps in the `New certificate` tab to use a Kubernetes secret to manage the internal certificate. Instead of generating a new certificate, use the certificate, `old-ca.crt`, `old-tls.crt` and `old-tls.key`, retrieved below:
```

```
docker run -it --entrypoint=bash neuvector/scanner:3.654 -c "cat /etc/neuvector/certs/internal/ca.cert" > old-ca.crt
docker run -it --entrypoint=bash neuvector/scanner:3.654 -c "cat /etc/neuvector/certs/internal/cert.pem" > old-tls.crt
docker run -it --entrypoint=bash neuvector/scanner:3.654 -c "cat /etc/neuvector/certs/internal/cert.key" > old-tls.key
```

> + Make sure that all components are running without a problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Make sure that all components are running without errors.
```

> + After that, follow the steps in `Regenarate certificate files and add SANs` tab and migrate to your own certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ After that, follow the steps in `Regenerate certificate files and add SANs` tab and migrate to your own certificate.
```
